Hello Learner,
 
I am XXX,  calling from the Program office of Online PGDM from Great Lakes Institute of Management. I wanted to have a quick round of introduction with you and share a few updates regarding the program. Is now a good time to speak?
 
Learner - Yes please go ahead ( Possible response )
 
Perfect, Before I go into the details I wanted to take this opportunity to welcome you onboard and wanted to make sure you have a smooth onboarding process. You can save my number and you can reach out to me for any queries as I will be your point of contact throughout the program.
 
Learner  - Okay, Thank You much. ( Possible response )
 
I was going through your profile and I see you have around 2 years of work ex in the IT Industry and I personally feel,at this stage PGDM program will help you develop leadership skills and broaden your network, which can be valuable for future growth.. I'd like to know a bit more about you and your objective for taking this course. Could you please share with me your background and what motivated you to pursue this program?
 
Learner  – Would give his response ( Possible response )
 
Great, good to have you on board and also I would like to highlight that around 25% of the batch is from IT industry and more than 30% of the batch has work ex of around 1-5 years, I am sure such diversity in the batch will enhance your learning experience and you will be able to make lot many good connections for lifetime.
 
Learner - That would be awesome, looking forward to join the batch and commence my learning. ( Possible response )
 
Great, now let me brief you with some program details and post that I will be happy to take your questions. First I wanted to brief you on the Document Verification process and I hope you would have receive a email on documents to be submitted
 
Learner - yes ( Possible response )
 
As you complete the document verification in parallel you should also start navigating through the foundation program on olympus. I do hope you have received the login credentials for your Olympus account.
 
Learner - Yes, I have logged in to the Olympus Portal ( Possible response )
 
The Foundation program is designed for you to equip you with basic fundamentals of business concepts and help you know the batch.
This program comprises live sessions , recorded video content and activities.As the participants come from diverse academic or professional backgrounds this program provides an opportunity for you to familiarize yourself with the program's structure, expectations, resources and make you familiar with the online structure of learning.
Most importantly, foundation programmes offer foundational coursework in areas such as finance, data visualization or case study methods to ensure that learners have a baseline understanding of these topics before diving into the core curriculum.
 
Learner - Yes understood. ( Possible response )
 
Also, the foundation course program drives peer networking and interaction with the batchmates. We have shared the details of this course on olympus along with activities happening in upcoming months. Please go through it. I look forward to your active participation in the program and I hope you are excited to start the program? If you have any questions /queries I am happy to help
 
Learner - Not at this time, I will review the details on Olympus and come back. Or the Learner could ask certain questions. ( Possible response )
 
Lastly, I just wanted to check. I hope you have the admission off letter handy and you have gone through the admission formalities, to be completed before (Specific)  date. Just wanted to know if you would be making the fee payment from your pocket or would you be looking at loan options to pay the fees. If you are looking for a loan then we do have our loan partners who could be of assistance to you. The loan is brought to you with minimal processing fees and attractive interest rates depending on your documentation.
 
Learner - yes I would be interested in availing a loan ( Possible response )
 
Oh k, then I would have the loan team reach out to you at the earliest.
 
I hope I clarified all your doubts and I once again welcome you on board.
Please note I will be your first point of contact for any program related queries. You can raise a support request on Olympus to reach out to me and I will get back to you within 24 hours.
Do save my number also and for anything urgent please feel free to call or whatsapp me.
 
Learner - Yes, Thank You ( Possible response )
 
Alright, have a nice day
 
Learner - You too.
